to Gaza now where multiple Israeli
strikes in the past 24 hours have killed
at least 27 people Israeli forces are
also attacking the city of Han Yunis for
a second day in a row they've targeted a
house in an area just outside the city
at least nine people were killed there
on Wednesday Israel bombed areas in the
southwest that it had designated as
humanitarian safe zones at least 18
Palestinians were killed in the attacks
on al- masasi many of the victims were
buried alive after Israeli strikes hit
tents housing displaced people Han
Mahmud is in kanun inside the Gaza Strip
so Hy it's day
307 of this war tell us more about
what's happening on the
ground well s you know it's becoming
quite evident right now that every
passing day is a horrific day for for
Palestinians whether it's the impact of
the direct intense bombing campaign
across the STP or the uh the aftermath
of these attacks as people uh often
thrown into uncertainty unknown of the
uh of a further uh enforced displacement
across the strip with the sense of of
shattered safety everywhere they go
they're being targeted they're being
forced to to to flee elsewhere and right
now there's uh no uh safe place across
the G we've been seeing this and been
saying talking about this for the past
months that there isn't a single safy
place across the G including the
humanitarian designated safe Zone that
have been repeatedly targeted the past
24 hours have been quite violent and
bloody in the central area and the the
southern part of of the strip mainly the
city of KH Yunis Eastern part and
central part uh of the city 27 people
reported killed a majority we're talking
about women and children the same exact
patterns of casual that we see in every
single day 18 of the 27 only in kanun
city just an indication of the surging
the attacks across kanun City and five
of them five of those 18 inside a tents
that's a family a mother and her and her
uh children were inside this stent when
it was targeted they were pulled from uh
the uh the the area that caused the the
fire everywhere they were incinerated
and burned the life and removed to and
transferred to Nar Hospital there also
further civilian casualties from Western
attack Western an attack on Western part
of the city of hanun and elsewhere to
the southern eastern part of City
bringing the total number into to 27
people at Naser hospital and Al AA
hospital at the earlier evening hour of
yesterday at wck driver that's an
employee who was driving his car after
completing his mission in the southern
eastern part of Dar bah City
was killed in an attack that happened to
a house that he was passing near nearby
was transferred to Ala Hospital
unfortunately the attacks are happening
without any prior warning of whatsoever
and that we were seeing more civilians
like the usual uh uh events in the past
more civilians are being killed and
being uh targeted uh because of the
unpredict
Fallen bombs across the strip honey
you're also reporting this morning that
the Israeli Army Israeli Army is
systematically demolishing residential
areas and buildings inside Rafa City
tell us more about
that well the Israeli military continues
to uh demol systematically demolish more
of the homes and the the aftermath of
this that people are in theab in intense
like these this is part of al- maasi
evacuation Zone where the majority of
displaced families coming from all parts
of the Gaza Strip right now are crammed
in this small part of of Al maasi
evacuation Zone in Western hanun City
very close to the beach here I mean
there isn't this is the the last point
where people are able to set up their
tents and to seek some sort of of safety
and a protection uh for their children
I'm not talking about the entire masasi
evacuation Zone this is the only place
right now that somehow it provides a
sense of of safety and sense of
protection for people but people end up
like this and these are scattered tents
and soon enough we're going to see this
in uh very very over crowed because of
more of evacuation orders that are
coming from uh parts of of the central
area and more recently from the northern
part of the strip from B hanon and B and
more from western part of raah City
right now people are forced to flee
further not to the west of the city but
also here to Kan yunas and to Al maasi
evacuation Zone because of the
systematic demolition of homes and this
is in no way uh as people describe it
the local residence of RA this is in no
way a collateral damage or part of the
intense bombing campaign because what
the Israeli military is doing is
conducting a a street to Street a
neighborhood to Neighborhood
systematically destroying all the
residential homes turning entire areas
uh in ra into into more uh in Rafa City
into more of a waste land making it very
uninhabitable similar situations to what
we documented in the past in the
northern part of the strip in Gaza City
mainly in the eastern part the
neighborhood like sha and and a tah
neighborhood and we're seeing this
happening in kanun after the Israeli
military spent four months militarily
controlling the whole city and
destroying all of its infrastructure and
facilities and fortunately same thing is
happening in uh in RAF City with more of
these residential homes are being
targeted and destroyed and demolish uh
people are going to go back when the
dust settles uh to uh to nothing
basically it's more of a wasteland uh
right now and it's it's not proper for
living not suitable for families to go
back and to run uh the to go to go back
to day day-to-day life activities or
life as they know it before this war
started yeah and the picture that you
were just showing us uh that we were
just broadcasting shows says volumes
about the living conditions that
Palestinians are in now thank you very
much hanim Mahmud reporting from Kan
yunes make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al